README.md, before:

# HateoasNavigatorTutorial

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.7.

## Requirements
0. npm version >= ... (and yarn version >= ...)
0. Java JDK >= 1.8

## Tutorial
### Setup UI
0. `npm install --global @ng/cli` (or `yarn add global @ng/cli`, if available)
0. `ng new hateoas-navigator-tutorial`
0. `cd hateoas-navigator-tutorial`
0. `ng add hateoas-navigator`
0. `ng add document-components`
0. `ng add @angular/material`
0. `ng add rxjs-compat`
0. `ng add md2`
0. `ng add moment`
0. Add the "proxyConfig" line to _angular.json_
0. Copy proxy.conf.json

### Setup backend
0. Go to https://start.spring.io
0. For now, choose version 2.0.3 (later versions are not supported yet)
0. Choose the dependencies "Rest Repositories", "JPA" and "H2" (and "Lombok" if you wish)
0. Generate Project, unzip the downloaded zip
0. Add patched versions for Spring Rest to the _pom.xml_:
```
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.data</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-data-rest-webmvc</artifactId>
        <version>3.2.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT</version>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.data</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-data-rest-core</artifactId>
        <version>3.2.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT</version>
      </dependency>
    </dependencies>
  </dependencyManagement>
```

### Add some entities to the backend
0. Create an entity, example: Person. Create a repository, example: PersonRepository.
0. Then start the backend: `./mvnw spring-boot:run`

### Integrate hateoas-navigator
0. Start the UI `ng serve`
0. In _app.module.ts_ add the three imports
```
HalNavigatorModule.forRoot(undefined),
DocumentComponentsModule,
RouterModule.forRoot(GenericRoutes.get())
```
0. Add the default navigation by replacing app.component.html with
```
<app-navigation></app-navigation>
<div id="cmp-content" class="mat-elevation-z2">
  <router-outlet></router-outlet>
</div>
```

Now you can navigate to the previously created resource, create, list, edit and delete items.

### Add excerpts
If you have an association from one resource to another, define an excerpt projection to see the associated resource's excerpt.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Use new hateoas-navigator version and add workaround for routes

README.md, after:

# HateoasNavigatorTutorial

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.7.

## Requirements
0. npm version >= ... (and yarn version >= ...)
0. Java JDK >= 1.8

## Tutorial
### Setup UI
0. `npm install --global @ng/cli` (or `yarn add global @ng/cli`, if available)
0. `ng new hateoas-navigator-tutorial`
0. `cd hateoas-navigator-tutorial`
0. `ng add hateoas-navigator`
0. `ng add document-components`
0. `ng add @angular/material`
0. `ng add rxjs-compat`
0. `ng add md2`
0. `ng add moment`
0. Add the "proxyConfig" line to [_angular.json_](./angular.json)
0. Copy [proxy.conf.json](./src/proxy.conf.json)

### Setup backend
0. Go to https://start.spring.io
0. For now, choose version 2.0.3 (later versions are not supported yet)
0. Choose the dependencies "Rest Repositories", "JPA" and "H2" ("Devtools" and "Lombok" if you wish)
0. Generate Project, unzip the downloaded zip
0. Add patched versions for Spring Rest to the [pom.xml](./backend/pom.xml):
```
<dependencyManagement>
    <dependencies>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.data</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-data-rest-webmvc</artifactId>
        <version>3.2.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT</version>
      </dependency>
      <dependency>
        <groupId>org.springframework.data</groupId>
        <artifactId>spring-data-rest-core</artifactId>
        <version>3.2.0.BUILD-SNAPSHOT</version>
      </dependency>
    </dependencies>
  </dependencyManagement>
```

### Add some entities to the backend
0. Create an entity, example: [Person](./backend/src/main/java/com/example/hateoas/hateoastutorial/Person.java). 
   Create a repository, example: [PersonRepository](./backend/src/main/java/com/example/hateoas/hateoastutorial/PersonRepository.java).
0. Then start the backend: `./mvnw spring-boot:run`

### Integrate hateoas-navigator
0. Start the UI `ng serve`
0. In [app.module.ts](./src/app/app.module.ts) add the three imports
```
HalNavigatorModule.forRoot(undefined),
DocumentComponentsModule,
RouterModule.forRoot(GenericRoutes.get())
```
0. Due to an angular issue, replace `GenericRoutes.get()` by the array it returns
0. Add the default navigation by replacing [app.component.html](./src/app/app.component.html) with
```
<app-navigation></app-navigation>
<div id="cmp-content" class="mat-elevation-z2">
  <router-outlet></router-outlet>
</div>
```

Now you can navigate to the previously created resource, create, list, edit and delete items.

### Add excerpts
If you have an association from one resource to another, define an excerpt projection to see the associated resource's excerpt.
Example: [PersonExcerpt](./backend/src/main/java/com/example/hateoas/hateoastutorial/PersonExcerpt.java)

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
